chore(memory): promote strong-fit contacts drafts for review (#132)
medic/cht-agent: agent-memory/domains/contacts/issues/9368-feat9193-add-functionality-of-getting-places-as-pages-or-asy.md

## Design Choices

Offered both paginated pages and async generators so REST/stateless consumers can drive their own cursors while in-process consumers can iterate lazily without manual paging. Defaults (limit 100, cursor `null`) keep calls ergonomic. The Place API was modeled on the Person API to keep the datasource surface uniform, and logic was split across local vs remote data contexts to preserve cht-datasource's existing online/offline abstraction.

## Related Files

- shared-libs/cht-datasource/src/place.ts
- shared-libs/cht-datasource/src/person.ts
- shared-libs/cht-datasource/src/local/place.ts
- shared-libs/cht-datasource/src/local/person.ts
- shared-libs/cht-datasource/src/local/libs/doc.ts
- shared-libs/cht-datasource/src/remote/place.ts
- shared-libs/cht-datasource/src/remote/libs/data-context.ts
- shared-libs/cht-datasource/src/libs/core.ts
- shared-libs/cht-datasource/src/index.ts
- api/src/controllers/place.js
- api/src/routing.js

## Testing

> Updated unit tests (mocha) across cht-datasource — all eleven spec files are modified, none added — test/place.spec.ts, test/local/place.spec.ts, test/local/person.spec.ts, test/local/libs/doc.spec.ts, test/remote/place.spec.ts, test/remote/libs/data-context.spec.ts, test/index.spec.ts — plus api controller specs (api/tests/mocha/controllers/place.spec.js and person.spec.js) and integration tests (tests/integration/api/controllers/place.spec.js and person.spec.js) exercising the pagination API, async-generator API, and the new GET /api/v1/place REST endpoint.

Reviewer: **nitpick (non-blocking):** "across cht-datasource — all eleven spec files" scopes the count to
cht-datasource, where only seven of the listed specs live. Eleven is the total across all three groups
(7 cht-datasource, 2 api controller, 2 integration), and it is correct.

```suggestion
Updated unit tests (mocha) — eleven spec files in all, every one modified and none added: across cht-datasource, test/place.spec.ts, test/local/place.spec.ts, test/local/person.spec.ts, test/local/libs/doc.spec.ts, test/remote/place.spec.ts, test/remote/libs/data-context.spec.ts, test/index.spec.ts — plus api controller specs (api/tests/mocha/controllers/place.spec.js and person.spec.js) and integration tests (tests/integration/api/controllers/place.spec.js and person.spec.js) exercising the pagination API, async-generator API, and the new GET /api/v1/place REST endpoint.
```
